1. Terms

1.1	The user may only take part in every round (e.g. World, Universe, etc.) of an online game or mobile game using one user account unless the respective rules of the game allow for exceptions from this. The use of several user accounts by one user is not permitted. Multiuser accounts such as these may be deleted or banned at the reasonable discretion of Codeword Challenge.
1.2	Users are prohibited from enacting any form of manipulative interference in online or mobile games. In particular, users are not entitled to utilize measures, mechanisms, or software that could interfere with the function or progress of the game. Users may not take measures that may cause an unreasonable or excessive burden on technical capacity. Users are not allowed to block, rewrite, or modify content generated by the game administration or to interfere with the game in any other manner.
1.3	Under no circumstances may users
a) create or use cheats, mods and/or hacks, or any other third-party software products that may change the result of the online mobile games.
b) use software that allows the mining of data or otherwise intercepts or collects information in connection to the mobile games.
1.4	It is prohibited to apply measures that hide advertisements. It is of no significance whether advertising is deliberately hidden or can not be displayed in general e.g. by so-called pop-up blockers, text-based browsers, or similar.
1.5	The automated creation of user accounts, regardless of whether the home page is displayed or not, is not permitted.
1.6	Codeword Challenge or contractors authorized by Codeword Challenge hold all and exclusive rights to items used and virtual items provided in mobile games. Users will only receive a non-exclusive right of use to the virtual items for the duration of the user agreement.
1.7	Codeword Challenge continuously updates, changes, and develops its mobile games and other services at its discretion. Users can therefore only participate in the respective online game, mobile game, or another offer in its respective form provided at any given time. Codeword Challenge retains the right to cease operating an online or mobile game or remove a specific service without explanation.
1.8	Online and mobile games and other services offered by Codeword Challenge are intended solely for entertainment. The use of these games or services for business or commercial purposes is strictly prohibited.
1.9	Users are responsible for ensuring that their software and hardware are suitable and up-to-date.
1.10 In addition to these general terms and conditions, any existing rules of the respective online or mobile game shall also apply. In the case of an inconsistency between these general terms and conditions and the rules of the game, the provisions of these general terms and conditions shall take precedence when settling the instance of contradiction. In addition, specific terms and conditions shall also apply to certain online or mobile games, specific versions and/or components of online or mobile games, and individual services offered on Codeword Challenge's websites as appropriate. Users will be appropriately informed of any specific terms and conditions before use of the respective offer.

2. General User

2.1	User data
Users agree to immediately provide Codeword Challenge with any future changes to data entered upon registration, in particular any change to the email address. Users are obliged to confirm for Codeword Challenge the accuracy of their data upon request.
2.2	Login data, identification, passwords
2.2.1	Users are required to maintain strict confidentiality regarding all login data, identification, and passwords.
2.2.2	The terms "login data", "identification", and "passwords" include all letter and/or character and/or number sequences used to authenticate the user and prevent unauthorized use by third parties. The password should not be identical to the player's name, and it should consist of a combination of numbers and letters.
2.2.3	Users are required to protect all login data, identification, and passwords from third-party access.
2.2.4	If a user has reason to believe that third parties have obtained or may have obtained unauthorized login data, identification, or passwords, they shall inform Codeword Challenge immediately and change their data or have it changed by Codeword Challenge. In this case or if Codeword Challenge has concrete evidence of misuse of data, Codeword Challenge has the right to temporarily block access to the user's account. If there is evidence of misuse of data, Codeword Challenge shall inform the user.
2.2.5	Users are under no circumstances entitled to use the login data of another user unless the rules of the respective online or mobile game or other service allow for exceptions.
2.3	Other provisions or general terms and conditions of a user, which deviate from Codeword Challenge's general terms and conditions, shall only apply if Codeword Challenge gives prior written consent to their validity.